University of Michigan Internship Fair ’08
Published on January 22, 2008.
So I headed on down to the internship fair today happening at the Union.
First thing that I noticed was that everyone was wearing suits!
My opinion on suits is that I hope I’ll never work anywhere that requires one, except for maybe at a company formal party or something.
I guess it’s pretty standard attire for an internship fair, but I think distinguishing yourself is important too.
Everyone looks the same in a suit.
Luckily, I distinguished myself as the idiot who didn’t bring a suit.
Mostly I just wandered around looking all the companies.
Quite a few had really long lines just to talk to a recruiter.
The place was packed, too.
There were probably a few hundred people in any given room.
I talked to some people from Liberty Mutual.
The guy was laid back and pretty cool.
He told me to check their website for any openings, and I got a pen and a weird bendy thing (it’s like, a blue bendy stick).
I also checked out this local web development company called Enlighten .
They were laid back as well.
I talked to them a bit about web development and they gave me some cool magnetic thinking putty.
I played with it.
It’s sorta magnetic, but not highly magnetic.
Like you wouldn’t replace an industrial strength electromagnet with it or anything.
Most of my social interactions went pretty smoothly, I must say.
There was one that I could probably call the worst of the year so far.
I went up to the Macy’s corner and some guy said something and stuck out his hand.
Now, I know when a person wants to shake my hand, I’m not an idiot.
But I didn’t hear what he said, and I thought he said something like, “name?”
So I was like, “Hung,” and I pointed to my name tag.
Then he said something else I couldn’t hear, so I said it louder and pointed more furiously, “HUNG!”
I thought he wanted to take something, instead of shaking my hand.
Anyway, I finally shook his hand.
Then, I asked if there were any engineering type jobs at Macy’s.
He said that no, there were only management type jobs.
I guess our interaction could’ve just ended there.
But then I noticed something.
Standing right behind the guy was a larger version of the guy.
It was him, but bigger, and printed out on a large piece of paper.
“Is… that… you?”
I slowly asked with furrowed brow.
“THAT’S YOU!” And indeed, it was him on the promotional banner.
He said it was taken a year or so ago.
Without thinking, I said something like, “Could you stand next to it and do the same pose!?”
I think he was starting to get tired of my shenanigans.
He actually contemplated it before not doing it.
Then he suggested I leave by saying something like, “well, good luck in your internship search!”
I took the hint, but not before asking for a bouncy Macy’s ball.
It glows when you bounce it.